{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Beyond the Labels\
\
Mara Pometti\
Final project \
Jour 555 Advanced Coding / Spring 2018\
\
Summary: \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Beyond the Labels is my master\'92s thesis. This project was born from the analysis coming from the fashion industry aimed to reveal its economic, environmental and cultural impact on people\'92s lives. \
The development of an interactive website allow users to engage with some data featured in the text, so that they can directly explore and get insight into, not only the huge impact of the fashion industry, but also into its ongoing innovations.\
\
Interactions:\
\
1) Scrollytelling section: the header imagines change when each text part goes out from the window viewport. In order to do it I used Waypoints function with up and down direction.\
\
2) Purple squares: when you hover the image users can see the data behind it. I used JQuery function to make it available for every browsers. (Indeed, the flip board cards that I previously built, worked in Chrome but broke in Safari.)\
\
3) Quiz section: the user can sort the labels and build his own rank according to his guess. When he sorts the labels the rank on each label changes accordingly. When the user is ready, can fetch the result and see what is the actual ranking of the most produced fabrics.\
\
4) Data on fabrics environmental impact: users can choose to explore the data of each environmental problem by clicking on each button. Then the corresponding bar chart is shown.\
\
5) Interactive bar chart: users can hover each rectangle that composes the bar chart to discover the name of the company featured. }